If you could have one super power, what would it be?
If you knew you couldn't fail, what would you do?
If you had to perform at a talent show next week, what would you do?
If you could make one new law, what would it be?
If you had to give up one of your senses (sound, sight, feel, smell, taste) which would it be?
If your home was on fire, what three things would you go and save?
What do you think is the best invention of all time?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?
What do you like the best about where you live?
Would you rather live in a big city or small town?
What would you want written on your tombstone?
What is your favorite animal?
What's the oldest piece of clothing you still wear?
What is your least favorite chore?
What is the longest time you have spent in a car?
Would you rather time travel to the past or to the future?
What is your least favorite holiday?
What would you do if you had no electricity for a week?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three items would you want to have with you?
If you could invent a new holiday, what would it be?
If you could live during any time period, what would it be?
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you were to wake up as an animal tomorrow, what animal would you want to be?
Would you live in outer space if you could never come back to earth?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
If you could work any job for just one day, what would you pick?
If you could go back in time, what would you do and what time period would you go back to?
If you could go anywhere for vacation, where would you go?
What would you do if you knew you only had 24 hours left to live.
If you had to move to another country, what country would you pick?
If money were no object, what would your dream house look like?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drink coffee or tea?
If you could have any super power, what would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island and you could have only 1 item, what would it be?
Do you believe in luck?
What have you been watching recently?
What have you been reading recently?
What have you been playing recently?
Do you believe people are inherently good?
How often do you shower?
What is your favorite board game?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Would you prefer to live in the city or a rural area?
What is your favorite season?
Do you speak any other languages?
Have you ever cried because you were so happy?
What is the best thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is the worst thing that happened to you during the past week?
What is the most valuable thing that you own?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be?
Are humans better at creation or destruction?
What are the best and worst parts of human nature?
What aspects of humans have made us a successful species?
What do you want to achieve in your life?
What are some of the things you remember that you’d rather forget?
Do you play any sports? If so, which one?
pancakes or waffles?
If you were invisible, would you pick your nose and paste it on someone else?
If you would be a character in getting out, who would you be?
Choose one: A pill that enhances your physical abilities at the expense of your appearance or a pill that opens a dimension to a world where you are the leader of a frog community.
What is the weirdest craving you have ever had?
Can you play any muscial instruments?
What do you want to do when you retire?
What song would make the best theme music for you?
What is the most irrational superstition you have?
What is the weirdest food combination you enjoy?
What is the stupidest thing you ever did on a dare?
Who is the most embarrassing person you had a crush on?
What is your idea of the perfect day?
What fictional character would you most like to be friends with?
What is your favorite topic to talk about?
What is your preferred method of communication?
Where is your happy place?
Where is your secret hideout?
What do you think the meaning of life is?
What is a moment you realized you were wrong and what was the cause of this epiphany?
What is one concept you cannot understand, no matter how hard you try?
What is one item on your bucket list?
What is one thing people would never guess about you?
What is a story you love to tell, but hardly ever get a chance to?
What is one dealbreaker you have on a first date?
What is a product or service you are willing to spend more money on to get better quality?
What do you believe is overrated?
What do you believe is underrated?
If you could watch any movie again for the first time, what would you watch?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is one hobby you would like to try?
What is your favorite kind of weather?
What is the most uncomfortable sensation?
What is the worst way someone butchered your name?
Which mythological creature would be the worst roommate?
What would you say to convince a loved one that you are not an alien imposter?
How do we know you are not a robot?
What is your favorite cheesy pick-up line?
If you had to smell like one kind of food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the most ridiculous nightmare you have ever had?
If you were a superhero, who would be your archnemesis?
What would your warning label say?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What emoji do you use most often?
Does your family practice any unusual traditions?
What is your favorite random fact?
What is your favorite joke?
Do you believe in free will?
What are you afraid of?
What is your favorite snack?
What are your pet peeves?
What fictional world would you want to live in?
What skill do you want to learn?
What is your weirdest talent?
Mountains or oceans?
What do you want to buy right now?
What is something you are looking forward to?
What is the best ice cream flavour?
Hotdogs or hamburgers?
What do you think is the biggest problem in the world?
What is the coolest thing about you?
Describe yourself in one word.
What is living rent-free in your head?
What is your favourite weapon?
What would you change about your body?
What is the weirdest thing you've memorized?
What is your dream job?
What is the weirdest dream you've had?
Do you play any sports?
If you could choose, how would you want to die?
What is your favourite word?
What is your least favourite word?
What is something you learned recently?
How many 5-year olds can you take in a fight?
What is your favourite website?
How did you find Warp Speed and Witchcraft?
What fictional character would you want to date?
Would you fight 1 horse-sized duck or 100 duck-sized horses?
What is something everyone can do but you?
What makes you nostalgic?
What grinds your gears?
What is the best feeling in the world?
What is the worst feeling in the world?
What is the worst smell you've smelled?
What is the most beautiful thing you've seen?
Is life meaningless?
What is something you would never want to do?
Do you have any pets?
How are you today?
What is something you wish more people knew about?
What is your favourite animal?
What needs to come back?
What do you do to procastinate?
What is your favourite school subject?
What is your least favourite school subject?
What is your favourite genre?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Who do you look up to?
What is your weirdest obsession?
What have you recently gotten in to?
What food can you not stand?
What song is stuck in your head?
What was your silliest mistake?
What can you not live without?
What does the world need less of?
What does the world need more of?
What is your least favourite colour?
Describe how you are feeling with one emoji.
How tough are ya?
What show never gets old?
What is the best month?
Would you rather have squirrels for hands or have guinea pigs for feet?
What is love?
What is your favourite thing to wear?
What do you find really satisfying?
What is your favourite riddle?
What is your favourite joke?
Are you superstitious?
What's the weirdest thing you've eaten?
What bad habit do you have?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
What do you love to learn about?
What is your favourite beverage?
What language would you love to learn?
What is your favourite genre?
What tropes do you hate?
What tropes do you love?
Cats or dogs?
What are you not afraid of?
What do you always bring with you?
What app do you use the most often?
What is your favourite music genre?
What was the last thing that woke you up in the middle of the night?
What song represents your current mood?
How did you get into webcomics?
Do you plan on having children?
What toppings are not allowed on a pizza?
Show the strangest image you have downloaded.
What recent news do you absolutely not care about?
What wild animal would make a cool pet?
What is a delicious dish in your culture?
What is a common misconception that annoys you?
Would you want to live forever?
What is the most valuable thing in your room?
If you were in a circus, which character would you be?
What is the worst advice you have given?
What is one thing you should never say at a wedding?
If you could only store one type of food in your pocket, what would you carry?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
Would you ever get a tattoo? What would it be?
Have you ever lost a friend? Why?
What hurts your feelings?
If someone gave you an envelope with your death date inside of it, would you open it?
What book had a big influence on you?
What scares you most about your future?
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite place in the entire world?
If you could only save one item from a house fire, what would it be?
Can you tell when someone is lying?
What bad habits do you wish you could stop?
If you could sit down with your 13-year old self, what would you say?
What bores you?
Do you have a morning ritual?
What did you do last weekend?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Are you a very organized person?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How often do you curse?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What smell brings back great memories?
What do you think about reality TV?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
Do you text more or call more?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?
Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
Does fashion help society in any way?
What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?
What style of clothes do you usually wear?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
What do you think of online education?
Are bigger or smaller schools better?
What do you think of homeschooling?
What do you think of buffets?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
Do you like spicy food?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?
What social stigma does society need to get over?
What would a world populated by clones of you be like?
Do you think that aliens exist?
Where do you get your news?
What food is delicious but a pain to eat?
What old person things do you do?
Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
What really needs to be modernized?
How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?
When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?
Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?
What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?
What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?
What is something people care too much about?
What do you have just way too much of?
What do you have way too many photos of?
Give your music recommendations!
What was the most important event of the last 10 years?
Tell us about your profile picture.
What does your name mean?
Scuba diving or skydiving?
Would you accept a one-way ticket to Mars?
What’s been the best part of your day so far? 
What do you do to relax?
If you started a business, what kind would it be?
Which emoji do you use the most?
What Youtube channel do you love?
What makes a person beautiful to you?
Why do humans find things other than humans beautiful? How does it help us?
Is beauty only in the eye of the beholder, or can we say some things are universally beautiful?
Do you think that the challenges you have faced over your life have made you a better or worse person?
Is dieting healthy or unhealthy?
What quality do you value most in your friends?
What separates true friends from acquaintances?
Do you prefer to receive money or a gift? Why?
Can a person change their personality?
Do you think space tourism will be big in the near future?
What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?
What’s the most annoying noise?
What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?
What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?
What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?
What’s your cure for hiccups?
What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?
What’s something you really resent paying for?
The world has become infested with rabid dogs with the intelligence of a 5-year-old, where do you hole up to survive the “a-pup-calypse”?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
What is the longest book you’ve read?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
Are there any upcoming events you're planning on going to?
Which is your favorite day of the week?
Do you consider yourself a good cook?
Do you love or hate social media?
Do you believe in ghosts?
What is your morning routine like?
Do you think you’re a more spontaneous person or a more careful person?
How important is loyalty to you?
Do you think the internet did more to help or hurt our society?
Do you ever worry that space aliens might be hotter than humans?
Would you rather be haunted by a ghost or have cockroaches?
Would you rather your pants always be a little too tight, or a stranger’s hair to fall out? If you had to choose?
What are some things you’ve had to unlearn?
What would be the title of your autobiography?
What’s your favorite video for a quick laugh?
What's the best ice cream topping?
What has been your biggest accomplishment so far?
Who do you miss the most from your past?
Do you consider yourself a spiritual person?
What’s the farthest you’ve been from civilization?
Have you ever won an award?
What hobby do you wish you had more time for?
iOS or Android?
What song have you 100% memorized?
Do you like to wear makeup?
What is the most evil company?
Soup or salad?
What are your thoughts on shipping culture?
What is something cool you recently learned?
What is your biggest weakness?
Do you fidget a lot?
What do you keep on forgetting that you ought to remember?
Do you consider yourself smart?
Do you get carsick easily?
What are your thoughts on astrology?
What is the most uncomfortable feeling?
Where is the best place to bury a body?
What are some green flags?
Do you think world peace is achievable?
What is best eaten cold?
Do you consider yourself a superstitious person?
What is your favourite dinosaur?
Do you enjoy cleaning?
What keeps you up at night?
If animals could talk, which animal would be the rudest?
What two items could you buy that would make the cashier the most uncomfortable?
What is the silliest way that you’ve been injured?
What topic could you give a 30-minute presentation on without any preparation?
How would you describe your sense of humor?
What does love mean to you?
What is the best type of cheese?
Which animal would be super cool if it was made into the size of a horse?
If the color blue had a smell, what would it smell like?
What did you last Google?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?